good morning its sister salad hi sister
as you can tell Sarah came down for the
weekend and it's kind of a sad weekend
because it's the last time that I get to
see Sarah until i move well before I
move but I am really excited about
moving before i move i have to look for
places to live and pack everything up
and then i have to drive out there and
it's like a 15 hour drive and doing that
next weekend but right now i am just
getting everything ready so Sarah came
down for the weekend to visit me and to
help me do something then she dyed my
hair we're going to dye my hair and sara
is gonna help me and there's in
businesses I got new apron box
appropriate okay um Saracen p and I
hairs dyed them earlier today and I have
a theory that when you're upside down
everything is funnier I like upside down
haha well you know how I said I was
moving the reason why I'm moving is
because I got a job I'm really excited
about the place that I'm going and it's
crazy because I have to move to a city
where I don't know anyone I've never
really been there before except for the
one day I went for the interview but it
seems like a really awesome place and
everyone that I talked to says that i
will like it and i know that i will so i
want to tell you about the day that i
found out that i got the job was kind of
a weird day I heard the news and I got
really excited oh that really hurt I
need to fix it
well those things didn't work I don't
know what to do you don't need those
things you need gauze gauze yes gosh
wait who are you I'm ender the Good
Witch who do we get gauze from The
Wizard of Oz let's go
hey there it is this is it the wizard of
gauze should we just go in I guess so
who's that I guess it's the Wizard of
Lamaze what maybe we should try this
door sure welcome i am the great and
powerful gauze I know yeah yes pay no
attention to that fan behind the curtain
I hadn't where's ah oh well go on I just
wanted to show you this and see if I
could get some oh my god
I need to fix it he's the picnic hop on
hop on hop on oh my gosh oh my gosh I
really need some guys oh my gosh you
don't look so good I'm gonna put the
lettuce from my leg back in here for
someone to make salad with